Initial Commit (#1)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-scheduled-function: README.md

| function\_source\_directory | The contents of this directory will be archived and used as the function source. | string | n/a | yes |
| function\_timeout\_s | The amount of time in seconds allotted for the execution of the function. | string | `"60"` | no |
| job\_description | Addition text to describet the job | string | `""` | no |
| job\_name | The name of the scheduled job to run | string | n/a | yes |
| job\_schedule | The job frequency, in cron syntax | string | `"*/2 * * * *"` | no |
| message\_data | The data to send in the pub/sub message. | string | `"dGVzdA=="` | no |
| project\_id | The ID of the project where this VPC will be created | string | n/a | yes |
| region | The region in which resources will be applied. | string | n/a | yes |
| topic\_name | Name of pubsub topic connecting the scheduled job and the function | string | `"test-topic"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| name | The name of the job created |

[^]: (autogen_docs_end)

## Requirements
### Terraform plugins
- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.11.x

> - [terraform-provider-google](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google) plugin v1.12.0

Reviewer: Since this is the initial release, we should target the latest provider.

```suggestion
- [terraform-provider-google](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google) plugin v2.1
```

| function\_source\_archive\_bucket\_labels | A set of key/value label pairs to assign to the function source archive bucket. | map | `<map>` | no |
| function\_source\_directory | The contents of this directory will be archived and used as the function source. | string | n/a | yes |
| function\_timeout\_s | The amount of time in seconds allotted for the execution of the function. | string | `"60"` | no |
| job\_description | Addition text to describet the job | string | `""` | no |
| job\_name | The name of the scheduled job to run | string | n/a | yes |
| job\_schedule | The job frequency, in cron syntax | string | `"*/2 * * * *"` | no |
| name | The name to apply to any nameable resources. | string | n/a | yes |
| project\_id | The ID of the project where this VPC will be created | string | n/a | yes |
| region | The region in which resources will be applied. | string | n/a | yes |
| topic\_name | Name of pubsub topic connecting the scheduled job and the function | string | `"test-topic"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| name | The name of the job created |

[^]: (autogen_docs_end)

## Requirements
### Terraform plugins

> - [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.10.x

Reviewer 2: version should be `0.11.x`

Author: Updated

| function\_timeout\_s | The amount of time in seconds allotted for the execution of the function. | string | `"60"` | no |
| job\_description | Addition text to describet the job | string | `""` | no |
| job\_name | The name of the scheduled job to run | string | n/a | yes |
| job\_schedule | The job frequency, in cron syntax | string | `"*/2 * * * *"` | no |
| message\_data | The data to send in the pub/sub message. | string | `"dGVzdA=="` | no |
| name | The name to apply to any nameable resources. | string | n/a | yes |
| project\_id | The ID of the project where this VPC will be created | string | n/a | yes |
| region | The region in which resources will be applied. | string | n/a | yes |
| topic\_name | Name of pubsub topic connecting the scheduled job and the function | string | `"test-topic"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| name | The name of the job created |

[^]: (autogen_docs_end)

## Requirements
### Terraform plugins
- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.11.x
- [terraform-provider-google](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google) plugin v1.12.0

### Configure a Service Account

> In order to execute this module you must have a Service Account with permissions to create PubSub topics, create and deploy Cloud Functions, and create a Cloud Scheduler Job.

Author: Fixed

### Enable API's
In order to operate with the Service Account you must activate the following API on the project where the Service Account was created:

- Cloud Scheduler API - cloudscheduler.googleapis.com
- Cloud PubSub API - pubsub.googleapis.com
- Cloud Functions API - cloudfunctions.googleapis.com

## Install

### Terraform
Be sure you have the correct Terraform version (0.11.x), you can choose the binary here:
- https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform/

> ## File structure

Author: Removed

The project has the following folders and files:

- /: root folder
- /examples: examples for using this module
- /test: Folders with files for testing the module (see Testing section on this file)
- /main.tf: main file for this module, contains all the resources to create
- /variables.tf: all the variables for the module
- /output.tf: the outputs of the module
- /README.md: this file

## Testing and documentation generation

### Requirements
- [docker](https://docker.com)
- [terraform-docs](https://github.com/segmentio/terraform-docs/releases) 0.3.0

### Integration test
##### Terraform integration tests
It is recommended to to run the integration tests via docker. To do so, run `make test_integration_docker`. In containers, this will
- Perform `terraform init` command
- Perform `terraform get` command

> - Perform `terraform plan` command and check that it'll create *n* resources, modify 0 resources and delete 0 resources

Author: Updated

> - Perform `terraform apply -auto-approve` command and check that it has created the *n* resources, modified 0 resources and deleted 0 resources

Author: Updated

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.11.x
- [terraform-provider-google](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google) plugin v2.1

> ### App Engine

Reviewer: We should mention that project-factory can handle this dependency and link to the module.

Note that this module requires a App Engine being configured in the specified project/region. 
This is because Google Cloud Scheduler is dependent on the project being configured with App Engine.

> Documentation on the App Engine dependency is here: https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/docs/ 

Reviewer: We should try to avoid raw URLs for readability.

```suggestion
Refer to the [Google Cloud Scheduler documentation](https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/docs/) for more information on the App Engine dependency.
```
